# Meeting Minutes ~ Sep 22, 2023

_**Note-taker:**_ Sarah

_**Attendees:**_ Allen, Jasper, Max, Neeco, Sarah, Steven; Ashkan

## Meeting Agenda
- Introductions
- Scheduled Topics
  - Go over D1 Product Details (brief, quick) -Â _make sure we're on the same page as the Partner_
    - Target questions on users, tech stack
  - Minimal Viable Product (MVP) discussions
    - Gallery
      - Past models generated by all users
   - Generation
      - Anyone can enter a text prompt, export generated image, video, models
   - Questions related to MVP
      - Ask about design aesthetics (any preferred designs, logos to use?), existing designs? --> let him know we're thinking of drafting on Figma
        - Simple aesthetic, look into AirBNB as an example
        - https://ideogram.ai/ -> but simpler than this
        - Almost like a google search page
        - https://lumalabs.ai/dashboard/imagine  
        - genmo.ai -> not a good example of the UI, but good product
        - http://t23-g-01.threestudio.ai/
      - Do we need to render the meshes or display videos?
        - We want it be interactive
        - Threestudio supports mesh extraction
          - Has a pipeline to export from text to 3D models
        - NO videos
      - \[After we present tech stack]: any concerns, preferences? What is currently being used?
        - Feedback: Our proposed tech stack looks good
      - Tried hugging-face deployment version and self-hosted version; self-hosted is not currently working
        Later on, there will be a separate cluster so the self-hosted threestudio deployment is preffered
      - There will be multiple nodes running threestudio, may need dispatcher between k8s and threestudio (Dispatcher is additional, start with a single node)
    - Architecture Diagram present & feedback from Partner (led by Steven)
      - Feedback: Store images and meshes, no need for the videos
    - Team x Partner meeting schedule
      - Biweekly meetings (+ adhoc additional meetings if needed)
      - Proposed meeting times (that work with our team)
        - Thursdays, 4pm - 5pm
        - Fridays, 11am - 12pm
      - More questions:
        - Background info on TISL and the project
          - More info about their research, experience
            - Broad lab about intelligent systems
            - Interested about content creation with 3D
          - Motivations/ goals of the project
            - Make generated models accessible
        - IP - Can we make GitHub repo public?
          - Intellectual Property Confidentiality Agreement
          - Hopefully, but depends on what path we take
         
## Summary
Actions Items:
- \[Jasper] Create team x partner social groupchat (WhatsApp) 4379857649
- \[Steven] Give partner Github repo access
- \[Jasper] Set up gcal meeting invites
  - Starting next week (focus on Figma back-and-forths)
- \[Allen] \[Steven] \[Max] User stories and obtain formal approval
- \[Steven] \[Allen] Resolve/raise issue in self-deployed for threestudios
- \[Steven] \[Allen] \[Max] D1 written
- \[Neeco] \[Sarah] \[Jasper] Design Figma low-fidel

Meeting Summary
- Introductions
- Went through deliverable 1 product details section
- Discussed MVP expectations, questions, and scope
- Agreed on a recurring meeting schedule

What Went Well
- Partner and the whole team were able to formally meet and introduce ourselves!
- Meeting was very productive because we had all of our questions prepped ahead of time. The questions were answered and our confusions were clarified

What Didn't Go Well
- N/A for this week



