# Meeting Minutes | Sep 25, 2023

>_**Note-taker:**_ Sarah
>
> _**Attendees:**_ Allen, Jasper, Max, Neeco, Sarah, Steven

## Meeting Agenda
- Questions for TA 
  - Intellectual property uncertainty
    - Ask on Piazza
  - Review our user stories. TA replied:
    - User stories seem appropriate based on what the partner told us
    - Looks good! User stories make sense, ticks all boxes
    - Add more detail to user stories (ie. #5)
      - "What file format do I support?"
      - Make it easier to translate to actionable work
- Updates from each sub-team (each sub-team had meetings in the past week to work on the following)
  - Backend (Allen, Steven, Max) - Update for Deliverable 1 writing portion
    - Completed user stories and team details on the planning doc
    - Currently working on the product details for the planning doc
   - Frontend (Jasper, Sarah, Neeco) - Present [low-fidelity prototype](https://www.figma.com/file/PiuZtndJxjyLuyAER2jeSh/Website-Prototype?type=design&node-id=0-1&mode=design&t=M4j3STrUBvMZG9ys-0) to the group
      - Completed the low-fidelity prototype 
      - Working on the high-fidelity prototype now
- Prep for partner meeting
  - Who will go
   - At least one person on FE team + Max who worked on user stories
  - What to discuss
    - Reviewing user stories and figma prototype
  - Questions to ask
    - Product name
         
## Summary
Actions Items:
- Ask intellectual property question on Piazza
- Add more details about file formats to user story #5, suggested by TA

Meeting Summary
- Asking questions for uncertain areas in our D1 to the TA to get insight and feedback

What Went Well
- All our questions were answered by the TA
- We were able to get good feedback for part of our D1

What Didn't Go Well
- N/A for this week
